README.md, before:

# Moonbeam and Moonriver Treasury Proposals

This repository contains information about the Moonbeam and Moonriver Treasury

## Historic Moonbeam Treasury Proposals

The following two proposals were proposed by community members & awarded by the Moonbeam Council, prior to the Interim Treasury Proposal going into effect:

| Proposal ID | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 0 | [Privacy on Moonbeam](history/proposal0.md) | 0x1719a9dF91E8605e33905c37811335351718c781 | 0x39C78316C6Bc601cf45f5Ef20296f80e9b0A7039 | 45,454 GLMR | awarded |
| 1 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (to end of Q2 2022)](history/proposal1.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 130,343 GLMR | awarded |

The following proposal was proposed by a community member prior to the Interim Treasury Proposal going into effect.  More information was requested by the Moonbeam Council but not received before the Interim Treasury Proposal went into effect:

| Proposal ID | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 2 | [Subscan - Infrastructure Costs of Subscan for Moonbeam & Moonriver & Moonbase Networks](history/proposal2.md) | 0x9c0fEf6b48Cb0B16EDc72a61d9503A78782c19e2 | 0x9c0fEf6b48Cb0B16EDc72a61d9503A78782c19e2 | 84,139 GLMR | rejected |

This proposal was ultimately rejected for lack of detail and the proposer advised to resubmit a new proposal following the new Interim Treasury Proposal process.

## Interim Treasury Program

As originally outlined in Mad's [polkassembly post](https://moonbeam.polkassembly.network/post/202) and voted on and [approved by the Moonbeam Community](https://moonbeam.foundation/news/proposal-treasury-program-approved/), the [Interim Treasury Proposal](interim/interim_treasury_proposal.md) outlines the current 6 month treasury program for the Moonbeam ecosystem.

## Treasury Motions 
### Moonbeam

This table lists Moonbeam Treasury Proposals that have been converted into Treasury Motions by the Treasury Council under the terms of the Interim Treasury Program

| Proposal ID | Motion | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---     |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 3 | 1 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Aug - Sep 2022)](moonbeam/MBTP3.md)| 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 |83,154.1985 GLMR | approved |
| 4 | 0 | [Nova Wallet — M1 — ERC20 tokens integration and management](moonbeam/MBTP4.md) | 0xbaF5777F2250Ec5e294B6F3Dee28FcEfAD607975 | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 127,363 GLMR | approved |
| 5 | 2 | [Dwellir - RPC Infrastructure Q3 Moonbeam ](moonbeam/MBTP5.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 15,382.2600 GLMR | rejected |
| 6 | 3 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Nov - Dec 2022)](moonbeam/MBTP6.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 55,154 GLMR | approved |
| 7 | 5 | [Web3Go Data Analytics service for Moonbeam and Moonriver of Q2 2023](moonbeam/MBTP7.md) | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 56,356.60 GLMR | approved |
| 8 | 6 | [Moonbeam Bounty for ZK Hack Lisbon](moonbeam/MBTP8.md) | 0xbcdc6f853927e89032d10bf078ae32a18c02b321 | 0x39c78316c6bc601cf45f5ef20296f80e9b0a7039 | 12,500 GLMR | approved |
| 9 | 7 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha](moonbeam/MBTP9.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 48874.7962 GLMR | approved |
| 10 | 8 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q1)](moonbeam/MBTP10.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 55106 GLMR | approved |
| 11 | 9 | [StakeGlmr.com and StakeMovr.com V2 - Treasury Proposal](moonbeam/MBTP11.md) | 0x728507ec8f967bcb5faff3d238059ce1eb99b828 | 0xab4b115b2d23ef8da7b0aa54fc074fb4c6886441 | 50198.96 GLMR | approved |
| 12 | 10 | [Moonbeam Multisig support and optimization for Moonbeam, Moonriver and Moonbase)](moonbeam/MBTP12&MRTP9.md) | 0xb555dfd17acd414101109f5d75d861a9596deb33 | 0x4da9a7f9e2381c0d663116ed8de297bad1db951c | 129883 GLMR | approved |
| 13 | 11 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q2)](moonbeam/MBTP13&MRTP10.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1ccf19f71d820db4cd1263516a958d3e6272021 | 100,215.42 GLMR | approved |
| 14 | 12 | [Moonbeam NFT Tracker](moonbeam/MBTP14.md) | 0xB0944bfC924E42D7F609B7F89Fe84B807AFb53e7 | 0xB0944bfC924E42D7F609B7F89Fe84B807AFb53e7 | 9,098 GLMR | approved |
| 15 | 14 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha (Q2 2023)](moonbeam/MBTP15&MRTP11.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 68,134.0474 GLMR | approved |
| 16 | 15 | [Polkassembly OpenGov development - Moonbeam](moonbeam/MBTP16.md) | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 98,891.0000 GLMR | approved |
| 17 | 16 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonbeam/MBTP17&MRTP12&MRTP15.md) | 0x10023fA70Ed528E4F28915bf210f6e87b057c08E | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 44,289.2952 GLMR | approved |
| 18 | 17 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q3)](moonbeam/MBTP18&MRTP13.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 139,138.4600 GLMR | approved |
| 19 | 18 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure Transition Project](moonbeam/MBTP19&MRTP14.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 36,923.0800 GLMR | approved |
| 20 | 19 | [UnitedBloc - RPC Service Provider Treasury Proposal for Q4 2023](moonbeam/MBTP20&MRTP16.md) | 0x10023fA70Ed528E4F28915bf210f6e87b057c08E | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 44,289.2952 GLMR | approved |
| 21 | 20 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha Q3 & Q4 2023](moonbeam/MBTP21&MRTP17.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 109,280.00 GLMR | approved |
| 26 | -- | [Dwellir Q2 2024 RPC Services](moonbeam/MBTP26&MRTP22.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 5,228.90 GLMR | voting |

### Moonriver
This table lists Moonriver Treasury Proposals that have been converted into Treasury Motions by the Treasury Council under the terms of the Interim Treasury Program

| Proposal ID | Motion | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---     |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 0 | 0 | [Nova Wallet — M1 — ERC20 tokens integration and management](moonriver/MRTP0.md) | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 1,416.97 MOVR | approved |
| 1 | 1 | [Dwellir - RPC Infrastructure Q3 Moonbeam ](moonriver/MRTP1.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 536.30 MOVR | rejected |
| 2 | 2 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Aug - Sep 2022)](moonriver/MRTP2.md)| 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 |3,024.09 MOVR | approved |
| 3 | 3 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Nov - Dec 2022)](moonriver/MRTP3.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1,638.3401 MOVR| approved |
| 4 | 4 | [Polkassembly OpenGov development](moonriver/MRTP4.md) | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 0x0aB82EFf2945eDf9D6637481b47E6F2Fd5B7E374 | 2,229.00 MOVR| approved |
| 5 | 5 | [Web3Go Data Analytics service for Moonbeam and Moonriver of Q2 2023](moonriver/MRTP5.md) | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 645.50 MOVR| approved |
| 6 | 6 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha](moonriver/MRTP6.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 562.3443 MOVR | approved |
| 7 | 7 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q1)](moonriver/MRTP7.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1764 MOVR | approved |
| 8 | 8 | [StakeGlmr.com and StakeMovr.com V2 - Treasury Proposal](moonriver/MRTP8&MBTP10.md) | 0x6F102978D4111BeCdDa6029a6B4B72e371E6Ab97 | 0x1980E75f1b1cdAAe3b2f79664C7cb83b86A3D404 | 567.82 MOVR | approved |
| 9 | 9 | [Moonbeam Multisig support and optimization for Moonbeam, Moonriver and Moonbase)](moonriver/MRTP9&MBTP12.md) | 0xb555dfd17acd414101109f5d75d861a9596deb33 | 0x4da9a7f9e2381c0d663116ed8de297bad1db951c | 1431 MOVR | approved |
| 10 | 10 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q2)](moonriver/MRTP10&MBTP13.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 3,081.34 MOVR | approved |
| 11 | 11 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha (Q2 2023)](moonriver/MRTP11&MBTP15.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 787.9662 MOVR | approved |
| 12 | 12 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonriver/MRTP12&MRTP15&MBTP17.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 15 | 15 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonriver/MRTP12&MRTP15&MBTP17.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0x2b0B08fE83fADCAffd49dfB433244ad670c2D3ba | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 13 | 13 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q3)](moonriver/MRTP13&MBTP18.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1,712.8800 MOVR | approved |
| 14 | 14 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure Transition Project](moonriver/MRTP14&MBTP19.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 454.5400 MOVR | approved |
| 16 | 16 | [UnitedBloc - RPC Service Provider Treasury Proposal for Q4 2023](moonriver/MRTP16&MBTP20.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0x2b0B08fE83fADCAffd49dfB433244ad670c2D3ba | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 17 | 17 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha Q3 & Q4 2023](moonriver/MRTP17&MBTP21.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 1,370.00 MOVR | approved |
| 22 | -- | [Dwellir Q2 2024 RPC Services](moonriver/MRTP22&MBTP26.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 81.00 MOVR | voting |

Commit message:

add multisig support service proposal

README.md, after:

# Moonbeam and Moonriver Treasury Proposals

This repository contains information about the Moonbeam and Moonriver Treasury

## Historic Moonbeam Treasury Proposals

The following two proposals were proposed by community members & awarded by the Moonbeam Council, prior to the Interim Treasury Proposal going into effect:

| Proposal ID | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 0 | [Privacy on Moonbeam](history/proposal0.md) | 0x1719a9dF91E8605e33905c37811335351718c781 | 0x39C78316C6Bc601cf45f5Ef20296f80e9b0A7039 | 45,454 GLMR | awarded |
| 1 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (to end of Q2 2022)](history/proposal1.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 130,343 GLMR | awarded |

The following proposal was proposed by a community member prior to the Interim Treasury Proposal going into effect.  More information was requested by the Moonbeam Council but not received before the Interim Treasury Proposal went into effect:

| Proposal ID | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 2 | [Subscan - Infrastructure Costs of Subscan for Moonbeam & Moonriver & Moonbase Networks](history/proposal2.md) | 0x9c0fEf6b48Cb0B16EDc72a61d9503A78782c19e2 | 0x9c0fEf6b48Cb0B16EDc72a61d9503A78782c19e2 | 84,139 GLMR | rejected |

This proposal was ultimately rejected for lack of detail and the proposer advised to resubmit a new proposal following the new Interim Treasury Proposal process.

## Interim Treasury Program

As originally outlined in Mad's [polkassembly post](https://moonbeam.polkassembly.network/post/202) and voted on and [approved by the Moonbeam Community](https://moonbeam.foundation/news/proposal-treasury-program-approved/), the [Interim Treasury Proposal](interim/interim_treasury_proposal.md) outlines the current 6 month treasury program for the Moonbeam ecosystem.

## Treasury Motions 
### Moonbeam

This table lists Moonbeam Treasury Proposals that have been converted into Treasury Motions by the Treasury Council under the terms of the Interim Treasury Program

| Proposal ID | Motion | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---     |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 3 | 1 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Aug - Sep 2022)](moonbeam/MBTP3.md)| 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 |83,154.1985 GLMR | approved |
| 4 | 0 | [Nova Wallet — M1 — ERC20 tokens integration and management](moonbeam/MBTP4.md) | 0xbaF5777F2250Ec5e294B6F3Dee28FcEfAD607975 | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 127,363 GLMR | approved |
| 5 | 2 | [Dwellir - RPC Infrastructure Q3 Moonbeam ](moonbeam/MBTP5.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 15,382.2600 GLMR | rejected |
| 6 | 3 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Nov - Dec 2022)](moonbeam/MBTP6.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 55,154 GLMR | approved |
| 7 | 5 | [Web3Go Data Analytics service for Moonbeam and Moonriver of Q2 2023](moonbeam/MBTP7.md) | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 56,356.60 GLMR | approved |
| 8 | 6 | [Moonbeam Bounty for ZK Hack Lisbon](moonbeam/MBTP8.md) | 0xbcdc6f853927e89032d10bf078ae32a18c02b321 | 0x39c78316c6bc601cf45f5ef20296f80e9b0a7039 | 12,500 GLMR | approved |
| 9 | 7 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha](moonbeam/MBTP9.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 48874.7962 GLMR | approved |
| 10 | 8 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q1)](moonbeam/MBTP10.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 55106 GLMR | approved |
| 11 | 9 | [StakeGlmr.com and StakeMovr.com V2 - Treasury Proposal](moonbeam/MBTP11.md) | 0x728507ec8f967bcb5faff3d238059ce1eb99b828 | 0xab4b115b2d23ef8da7b0aa54fc074fb4c6886441 | 50198.96 GLMR | approved |
| 12 | 10 | [Moonbeam Multisig support and optimization for Moonbeam, Moonriver and Moonbase)](moonbeam/MBTP12&MRTP9.md) | 0xb555dfd17acd414101109f5d75d861a9596deb33 | 0x4da9a7f9e2381c0d663116ed8de297bad1db951c | 129883 GLMR | approved |
| 13 | 11 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q2)](moonbeam/MBTP13&MRTP10.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1ccf19f71d820db4cd1263516a958d3e6272021 | 100,215.42 GLMR | approved |
| 14 | 12 | [Moonbeam NFT Tracker](moonbeam/MBTP14.md) | 0xB0944bfC924E42D7F609B7F89Fe84B807AFb53e7 | 0xB0944bfC924E42D7F609B7F89Fe84B807AFb53e7 | 9,098 GLMR | approved |
| 15 | 14 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha (Q2 2023)](moonbeam/MBTP15&MRTP11.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 68,134.0474 GLMR | approved |
| 16 | 15 | [Polkassembly OpenGov development - Moonbeam](moonbeam/MBTP16.md) | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 98,891.0000 GLMR | approved |
| 17 | 16 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonbeam/MBTP17&MRTP12&MRTP15.md) | 0x10023fA70Ed528E4F28915bf210f6e87b057c08E | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 44,289.2952 GLMR | approved |
| 18 | 17 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q3)](moonbeam/MBTP18&MRTP13.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 139,138.4600 GLMR | approved |
| 19 | 18 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure Transition Project](moonbeam/MBTP19&MRTP14.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 36,923.0800 GLMR | approved |
| 20 | 19 | [UnitedBloc - RPC Service Provider Treasury Proposal for Q4 2023](moonbeam/MBTP20&MRTP16.md) | 0x10023fA70Ed528E4F28915bf210f6e87b057c08E | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 44,289.2952 GLMR | approved |
| 21 | 20 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha Q3 & Q4 2023](moonbeam/MBTP21&MRTP17.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 109,280.00 GLMR | approved |
| 26 | 25 | [Dwellir Q2 2024 RPC Services](moonbeam/MBTP26&MRTP22.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 5,228.90 GLMR | approved |
| 36 | -- | [Moonbeam Multisig Support as a Service: Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase for 2nd Semester/2024](moonbeam/MBTP36&MRTP32.md) | 0xB555dFD17aCD414101109f5D75d861A9596Deb33 | 0x4DA9a7f9e2381C0D663116Ed8dE297BAd1DB951c | 97,591.00 GLMR | voting |

### Moonriver
This table lists Moonriver Treasury Proposals that have been converted into Treasury Motions by the Treasury Council under the terms of the Interim Treasury Program

| Proposal ID | Motion | Title | Proposed By | Beneficiary | Reward | Status|
|---          |---     |---    |---          |---          |---     |---    |
| 0 | 0 | [Nova Wallet — M1 — ERC20 tokens integration and management](moonriver/MRTP0.md) | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 0x232Bcd499e860BFcd240cf3c491654af77d79df9 | 1,416.97 MOVR | approved |
| 1 | 1 | [Dwellir - RPC Infrastructure Q3 Moonbeam ](moonriver/MRTP1.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 536.30 MOVR | rejected |
| 2 | 2 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Aug - Sep 2022)](moonriver/MRTP2.md)| 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 |3,024.09 MOVR | approved |
| 3 | 3 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (Nov - Dec 2022)](moonriver/MRTP3.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1,638.3401 MOVR| approved |
| 4 | 4 | [Polkassembly OpenGov development](moonriver/MRTP4.md) | 0x0ab82eff2945edf9d6637481b47e6f2fd5b7e374 | 0x0aB82EFf2945eDf9D6637481b47E6F2Fd5B7E374 | 2,229.00 MOVR| approved |
| 5 | 5 | [Web3Go Data Analytics service for Moonbeam and Moonriver of Q2 2023](moonriver/MRTP5.md) | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 0xd57e28773c92e6fb9d9fb164889886cd360074be | 645.50 MOVR| approved |
| 6 | 6 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha](moonriver/MRTP6.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 562.3443 MOVR | approved |
| 7 | 7 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q1)](moonriver/MRTP7.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1764 MOVR | approved |
| 8 | 8 | [StakeGlmr.com and StakeMovr.com V2 - Treasury Proposal](moonriver/MRTP8&MBTP10.md) | 0x6F102978D4111BeCdDa6029a6B4B72e371E6Ab97 | 0x1980E75f1b1cdAAe3b2f79664C7cb83b86A3D404 | 567.82 MOVR | approved |
| 9 | 9 | [Moonbeam Multisig support and optimization for Moonbeam, Moonriver and Moonbase)](moonriver/MRTP9&MBTP12.md) | 0xb555dfd17acd414101109f5d75d861a9596deb33 | 0x4da9a7f9e2381c0d663116ed8de297bad1db951c | 1431 MOVR | approved |
| 10 | 10 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q2)](moonriver/MRTP10&MBTP13.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 3,081.34 MOVR | approved |
| 11 | 11 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha (Q2 2023)](moonriver/MRTP11&MBTP15.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 787.9662 MOVR | approved |
| 12 | 12 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonriver/MRTP12&MRTP15&MBTP17.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0xfD346Be6cd55247D4b928656E0DCdC10C1660434 | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 15 | 15 | [UnitedBloc - Retroactive Treasury Proposal for Q3 2023](moonriver/MRTP12&MRTP15&MBTP17.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0x2b0B08fE83fADCAffd49dfB433244ad670c2D3ba | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 13 | 13 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure (2023, Q3)](moonriver/MRTP13&MBTP18.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 1,712.8800 MOVR | approved |
| 14 | 14 | [OnFinality High Performance Public Infrastructure Transition Project](moonriver/MRTP14&MBTP19.md) | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 0xf1cCF19F71D820dB4cd1263516a958D3E6272021 | 454.5400 MOVR | approved |
| 16 | 16 | [UnitedBloc - RPC Service Provider Treasury Proposal for Q4 2023](moonriver/MRTP16&MBTP20.md) | 0x693aB260de2a31c1B5D7DC9cb253B87eD9b1f385 | 0x2b0B08fE83fADCAffd49dfB433244ad670c2D3ba | 544.4432 MOVR | approved |
| 17 | 17 | [Blast support for Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase alpha Q3 & Q4 2023](moonriver/MRTP17&MBTP21.md) | 0x4f16ab671eaba71c33c79cbb83da5eab1bc615ba | 0xb8950c47e8b9e539601cb47a167de8bf4cb1289e | 1,370.00 MOVR | approved |
| 22 | -- | [Dwellir Q2 2024 RPC Services](moonriver/MRTP22&MBTP26.md) | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 0xF8D757E04BF0fbd5432E743DD8612E62A9c983cf | 81.00 MOVR | voting |
| 32 | -- | [Moonbeam Multisig Support as a Service: Moonbeam, Moonriver, and Moonbase for 2nd Semester/2024](moonriver/MRTP32&MBTP36.md) | 0xB555dFD17aCD414101109f5D75d861A9596Deb33 | 0x4DA9a7f9e2381C0D663116Ed8dE297BAd1DB951c | 1,152.00 MOVR | voting |
